README.md, before:

# Retail-Store-Data

This project was created with JupyterLab version 2.2.6 and the Anaconda.Navigator.
it's a simple project to learn JupyterNotebook. 

All csv files and programming support are from [KeithGalli](https://github.com/KeithGalli)

# Harry Potter

#### The Data for my Harry Potter exercises I got all from here [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/zez000/characters-in-harry-potter-books)

# SF-Salary

#### The Data which Im working with are all from [Kaggle](http://kaggle.com/)

# E-Commerce

#### The Data which Im working with are all from [Kaggle](http://kaggle.com/)

# Matplotlib-Basics

#### Easy examples to learn Matplotlib with jupyter

# Seaborn-Basics

#### Easy examples to learn Seaborn with jupyter


# Plotly-Cufflinks

#### Easy examples to learn lotly and Cufflinks with jupyter

# Geographical_Plotting

#### Easy examples to learn Geographical Plotting with jupyter

# 911-Call-Project

#### The Data which Im working with are all from [Kaggle](http://kaggle.com/)

# Financial_Data_Project

#### The Data which Im working with are all from pandas_datareader API for Major banks

# MachineLearning-Projects

#### This folder do have different kinds of machine learning processes

# Uber Datat Analysis

#### On this Project  I simple analysis some Uber datas. The datas come from this Google Drive [Link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1emopjfEkTt59jJoBH9L9bSdmlDC4AR87/view)

# Weather Analysis

#### Project where I simple analysis some weather datas. The datas come from this Google Drive [Link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JvD4Ss2yS3d9X36YkWqmqZXLamNWLSFJ/view)

Commit message:

Added information about new project

README.md, after:

# Retail-Store-Data

This project was created with JupyterLab version 2.2.6 and the Anaconda.Navigator.
it's a simple project to learn JupyterNotebook. 

All csv files and programming support are from [KeithGalli](https://github.com/KeithGalli)

# Harry Potter

#### The Data for my Harry Potter exercises I got all from here [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/zez000/characters-in-harry-potter-books)

# SF-Salary

#### The Data which Im working with are all from [Kaggle](http://kaggle.com/)

# E-Commerce

#### The Data which Im working with are all from [Kaggle](http://kaggle.com/)

# Google App Rating

#### Data Analytics example about Google App Store Ratings with are all from [Kaggle](http://kaggle.com/)

# Matplotlib-Basics

#### Easy examples to learn Matplotlib with jupyter

# Seaborn-Basics

#### Easy examples to learn Seaborn with jupyter


# Plotly-Cufflinks

#### Easy examples to learn lotly and Cufflinks with jupyter

# Geographical_Plotting

#### Easy examples to learn Geographical Plotting with jupyter

# 911-Call-Project

#### The Data which Im working with are all from [Kaggle](http://kaggle.com/)

# Financial_Data_Project

#### The Data which Im working with are all from pandas_datareader API for Major banks

# MachineLearning-Projects

#### This folder do have different kinds of machine learning processes

# Uber Datat Analysis

#### On this Project  I simple analysis some Uber datas. The datas come from this Google Drive [Link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1emopjfEkTt59jJoBH9L9bSdmlDC4AR87/view)

# Weather Analysis

#### Project where I simple analysis some weather datas. The datas come from this Google Drive [Link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JvD4Ss2yS3d9X36YkWqmqZXLamNWLSFJ/view)
